cabassous_tatouay;Greater Naked-tailed Armadillo
avahi_laniger;Eastern Woolly Lemur
mustelus_lunulatus;Sicklefin Smooth-hound
mazama_americana;Red Brocket
chrysocyon_brachyurus;Maned Wolf
lemur_catta;Ring-tailed Lemur
cuon_alpinus;Dhole
puma_concolor;Cougar
equus_hemionus;Onager
pan_paniscus;Bonobo
felis_chaus;Jungle Cat
semnopithecus_entellus;Northern Plains Gray Langur
bradypus_variegatus;Brown-throated Sloth
myrmecophaga_tridactyla;Giant Anteater
leptoptilos_javanicus;Lesser Adjutant
propithecus_coquereli;Coquerel's Sifaka
brachyteles_arachnoides;Southern Muriqui
cercopithecus_aethiops;Vervet Monkey
bycanistes_cylindricus;Brown-cheeked Hornbill
varanus_bengalensis;Bengal Monitor
priodontes_maximus;Giant Armadillo
struthio_camelus;Common Ostrich
ciconia_episcopus;Woolly-necked Stork
spheniscus_magellanicus;Magellanic Penguin
panthera_pardus;Leopard
pan_troglodytes;Chimpanzee
chelonia_mydas;Green Sea Turtle
panthera_uncia;Snow Leopard
pavo_cristatus;Indian Peafowl
alcelaphus_buselaphus;Hartebeest
papio_anubis;Olive Baboon
potamochoerus_larvatus;Bushpig
giraffa_camelopardalis;Giraffe
eretmochelys_imbricata;Hawksbill Sea Turtle
acinonyx_jubatus;Cheetah
oreotragus_oreotragus;Klipspringer
hippotragus_niger;Sable Antelope
civettictis_civetta;African Civet
alouatta_seniculus;Red Howler Monkey
vultur_gryphus;Andean Condor
colobus_guereza;Eastern Black-and-white Colobus
hydrochaeris_hydrochaeris;Capybara
oryx_beisa;Beisa Oryx
cercocebus_agilis;Agile Mangabey
potamochoerus_porcus;Red River Hog
inia_geoffrensis;Amazon River Dolphin
manis_gigantea;Giant Pangolin
harpia_harpyja;Harpy Eagle
panthera_onca;Jaguar
odocoileus_virginianus;White-tailed Deer
tapirus_terrestris;South American Tapir
tapirus_bairdii;Baird's Tapir
phacochoerus_africanus;Common Warthog
orycteropus_afer;Aardvark
tragelaphus_scriptus;Bushbuck
kobus_ellipsiprymnus;Waterbuck
tragelaphus_strepsiceros;Greater Kudu
tragelaphus_imberbis;Lesser Kudu
connochaetes_taurinus;Blue Wildebeest
panthera_leo;Lion
leopardus_pardalis;Ocelot
leopardus_wiedii;Margay
canis_lupus;Gray Wolf
canis_mesomelas;Black-backed Jackal
canis_adustus;Side-striped Jackal
lycaon_pictus;African Wild Dog
syncerus_caffer;African Buffalo
loxodonta_africana;African Elephant
loxodonta_cyclotis;Forest Elephant
equus_grevyi;Grevy's Zebra
equus_quagga;Plains Zebra
equus_zebra;Mountain Zebra
ceratotherium_simum;White Rhinoceros
diceros_bicornis;Black Rhinoceros
gorilla_gorila;Western Gorilla
propithecus_diadema;Diademed Sifaka
propithecus_verreauxi;Verreaux's Sifaka
propithecus_candidus;Silky Sifaka
eulemur_fulvus;Brown Lemur
eulemur_albifrons;White-fronted Lemur
eulemur_mongoz;Mongoose Lemur
eulemur_rufus;Red Lemur
eulemur_rubriventer;Red-bellied Lemur
indri_indri;Indri
varecia_variegata;Black-and-white Ruffed Lemur
varecia_rubra;Red Ruffed Lemur
lemur_catta;Ring-tailed Lemur
macaca_fascicularis;Crab-eating Macaque
macaca_mulatta;Rhesus Macaque
alouatta_guariba;Brown Howler Monkey
alouatta_caraya;Black Howler Monkey
alouatta_macconelli;Guyanan Red Howler
alouatta_palliata;Mantled Howler
saguinus_oedipus;Cotton-top Tamarin
saguinus_midas;Golden-handed Tamarin
saguinus_bicolor;Pied Tamarin
ateles_paniscus;Red-faced Spider Monkey
espeletia;Frailejón
ateles_geoffroyi;Geoffroy's Spider Monkey
lagothrix_lagotricha;Brown Woolly Monkey
chiropotes_sagulatus;Bearded Saki
cercopithecus_mona;Mona Monkey
cercopithecus_neglectus;De Brazza's Monkey
cercopithecus_mitis;Blue Monkey
cercopithecus_erythrotis;Red-eared Monkey
cercopithecus_preussi;Preuss's Monkey
cercopithecus_aethiops;Vervet Monkey
papio_anubis;Olive Baboon
papio_cynocephalus;Yellow Baboon
papio_ursinus;Chacma Baboon
theropithecus_gelada;Gelada
mandrillus_leucophaeus;Drill
mandrillus_sphinx;Mandrill
colobus_badius;Western Red Colobus
colobus_guereza;Eastern Black-and-white Colobus
cercopithecus_lhoesti;L'Hoest's Monkey
cercopithecus_pogonias;Crested Mona Monkey
cercopithecus_diana;Diana Monkey
cercopithecus_wolfi;Wolf's Mona Monkey
cercopithecus_cephus;Mustached Monkey
cercopithecus_nictitans;Greater Spot-nosed Monkey
cercopithecus_campbelli;Campbell's Monkey
cercopithecus_sclateri;Sclater's Monkey
cercopithecus_solatus;Sun-tailed Monkey
cephalphus_duikers;Duikers
eudorcas_thomsonii;Thomson's Gazelle
buffalo_syncerus;African Buffalo
taurotragus_oryx;Common Eland
tupinambis_teguixin;Gold Tegu
sotalia_guianensis;Guiana Dolphin
cryptoprocta_ferox;Fossa
caretta_caretta;Loggerhead Sea Turtle
hylochoerus_meinertzhageni;Giant Forest Hog
styracura_pacifica;Pacific Chupare
rhacophorus_annamensis;Annam Flying Frog
hyemoschus_aquaticus;Water Chevrotain
eunectes_murinus;Green Anaconda
semaprochilodus_insignis;Flag-tailed Prochilodus
hypanus_longus;Longtail Stingray
hippopotamus_amphibius;Hippopotamus
osteolaemus_tetraspis;Dwarf Crocodile
ardea_humbloti;Humblot's Heron
dermochelys_coriacea;Leatherback Sea Turtle
brachypteracias_leptosomus;Short-legged Ground Roller
pyxis_arachnoides;Spider Tortoise
cercopithecus_mona;Mona Monkey
chiropotes_sagulatus;Bearded Saki
atelopus_mittermeieri;Mittermeier's Stubfoot Toad
pygathrix_nemaeus;Red-shanked Douc
equus_grevyi;Grevy's Zebra
trachypithecus_geei;Gee's Golden Langur
bolborhynchus_ferrugineifrons;Rusty-fronted Parakeet
atelocynus_microtis;Short-eared Dog
pseudoplatystoma_fasciatum;Barred Sorubim
sapajus_apella;Tufted Capuchin
chauna_chavaria;Northern Screamer
nasua_nasua;South American Coati
pecari_tajacu;Collared Peccary
lutjanus_guttatus;Spotted Rose Snapper
sus_scrofa;Wild Boar
metachirus_nudicaudatus;Brown Four-eyed Opossum
penelope_perspicax;Cauca Guan
tremarctos_ornatus;Andean Bear
bycanistes_albotibialis;White-thighed Hornbill
amazona_autumnalis;Red-lored Amazon
common_eider;Common Eider
tinamus_guttatus;White-throated Tinamou
crowned_crane;Crowned Crane
fregata_magnificens;Magnificent Frigatebird
eulemur_fulvus;Brown Lemur
pristis_pristis;Largetooth Sawfish
vulpes_vulpes;Red Fox
hapalemur_griseus;Eastern Lesser Bamboo Lemur
odocoileus_goudotii;Gray Brocket
haliaeetus_vociferoides;Madagascar Fish Eagle
kobus_vardonii;Puku
aepyceros_melampus;Impala
cichla_monoculus;Peacock Bass
cercopithecus_neglectus;De Brazza's Monkey
cephalophus_dorsalis;Bay Duiker
aotus_azarae;Azara's Night Monkey
thunnus_albacares;Yellowfin Tuna
bos_javanicus;Banteng
agouti_paca;Lowland Paca
burkea_africana;Burkea Africana
sotalia_fluviatilis;Tucuxi
manis_javanica;Sunda Pangolin
rupicola_rupicola;Guianan Cock-of-the-rock
crocodylus_acutus;American Crocodile
lycaon_pictus;African Wild Dog
lepus_nigricollis;Indian Hare
cichla_ocellaris;Peacock Bass
pauxi_pauxi;Helmeted Curassow
saguinus_oedipus;Cotton-top Tamarin
macaca_fascicularis;Crab-eating Macaque
morpho_helenor;Blue Morpho
bos_gaurus;Gaur
xanthopsar_flavus;Saffron-cowled Blackbird
leopardus_pardalis;Ocelot
bycanistes_fistulator;Black-and-white-casqued Hornbill
alouatta_guariba;Brown Howler Monkey
erethizon_dorsatum;North American Porcupine
eulemur_albifrons;White-fronted Lemur
veterinary_procedure;Veterinary Procedure
pygathrix_cinerea;Gray-shanked Douc
bdeogale_crassicauda;Bushy-tailed Mongoose
viverricula_indica;Small Indian Civet
blastocerus_dichotomus;Marsh Deer
colobus_badius;Western Red Colobus
madoqua_kirkii;Kirk's Dik-dik
anadara_tuberculosa;Mangrove Cockle
tayassu_pecari;White-lipped Peccary
sphyrna_lewini;Scalloped Hammerhead
tamandua_mexicana;Northern Tamandua
eubalaena_australis;Southern Right Whale
chironectes_minimus;Water Opossum
rucervus_eldii;Eld's Deer
philander_oposum;Gray Four-eyed Opossum
procellaria_cinerea;Grey Petrel
macaca_mulatta;Rhesus Macaque
steno_bredanensis;Rough-toothed Dolphin
aratinga_solstitialis;Sun Parakeet
patrol_pilot;Patrol Pilot
african_civet;African Civet
dendrohyrax_dorsalis;Western Tree Hyrax
podocnemis_unifilis;Yellow-spotted River Turtle
trichechus_inunguis;Amazonian Manatee
chelonias_mydas;Green Sea Turtle
capra_sibirica;Siberian Ibex
okapia_johnstoni;Okapi
cercopithecus_mitis;Blue Monkey
cercopithecus_erythrotis;Red-eared Monkey
smutsia_gigantea;Giant Pangolin
ricinus_communus;Castor Oil Plant
priodontes_maximus;Giant Armadillo
struthio_camelus;Common Ostrich
crax_alberti;Blue-billed Curassow
ciconia_episcopus;Woolly-necked Stork
pontoporia_blainvillei;La Plata Dolphin
coua_caerulea;Blue Coua
aetobatus_laticeps;Pacific Eagle Ray
herpailurus_yagouaroundi;Jaguarundi
tragelaphus_imberbis;Lesser Kudu
ara_ararauna;Blue-and-yellow Macaw
panthera_pardus;Leopard
pan_troglodytes;Chimpanzee
cephalophus_silvicultor;Yellow-backed Duiker
lagothrix_lagotricha;Brown Woolly Monkey
chelonia_mydas;Green Sea Turtle
palm_civet;Palm Civet
panthera_uncia;Snow Leopard
pavo_cristatus;Indian Peafowl
prosopis;Mesquite
cichla_temensis;Speckled Peacock Bass
podocnemis_sextuberculata;Six-tubercled Amazon River Turtle
connochaetes_taurinus;Blue Wildebeest
tapirus_pinchaque;Tapirus Pinchaque
alcelaphus_buselaphus;Hartebeest
buteo_swainsoni;Swainson's Hawk
papio_anubis;Olive Baboon
merganetta_armata;Torrent Duck
indri_indri;Indri
mazama_gouazoubira;Gray Brocket
dolichonyx_oryzivorus;Dolichonyx Oryzivorus
potamochoerus_larvatus;Bushpig
colibri_serrirostris;Serrated Hermit
hevea_brasiliensis;Rubber Tree
pteronura_brasiliensis;Giant Otter
saguinus_midas;Golden-handed Tamarin
forestry_services;Forestry Services
anolis_agassizi;Agassiz's Anole
giraffa_camelopardalis;Giraffe
eretmochelys_imbricata;Hawksbill Sea Turtle
saimiri_sciureus;Common Squirrel Monkey
quercus_humboldtii;Quercus Humboldtii
pyrrhura_calliptera;Flame-winged Parakeet
steatornis_caripensis;Oilbird
aotus_vociferans;Night Monkey
bougainvillea_species;Bougainvillea
amazona_amazonica;Orange-winged Amazon
topaza_pella;Crimson Topaz
falco_cherrug;Saker Falcon
iguana_iguana;Green Iguana
cephalopterus_penduliger;Long-wattled Umbrellabird
afropavo_congensis;Congo Peafowl
ursus_thibetanus;Asian Black Bear
hyaena_rown;Spotted Hyena
cebus_apella;Tufted Capuchin
commiphora_ns;Commiphora Ns
pseudibis_davisoni;White-shouldered Ibis
athelestes_geoffroyi;Geoffroy's Spider Monkey
sylvilagus_brasiliensis;Tapeti
parachoerus_wagneri;Chacoan Peccary
procavia_capensis;Rock Hyrax
tapirus_terrestris;South American Tapir
cardisoma_crassum;Blue Land Crab
salvator_rufescens;Red Monitor
thalassarche_chlororhynchos;Yellow-nosed Albatross
ovis_ammon;Argali
capricornis_sumatraensis;Sumatran Serow
cephalophus_callipygus;Peter's Duiker
anthracoceros_albirostris;Oriental Pied Hornbill
terminalia;Terminalia
canis_lupus;Gray Wolf
buceros_bicornis;Great Hornbill
oxyura_jamaicensis;Ruddy Duck
python_molurus;Indian Python
caiman_latirostris;Broad-snouted Caiman
medium_duiker;Medium Duiker
pipile_cumanensis;Blue-throated Piping Guan
capricornis_thar;Himalayan Serow
cercopithecus_preussi;Preuss's Monkey
megaptera_novaeangliae;Humpback Whale
alectrurus_tricolor;Strange-tailed Tyrant
mandrillus_leucophaeus;Drill
penelope_superciliaris;Rusty-margined Guan
rupicola_peruviana;Andean Cock-of-the-rock
alouatta_macconelli;Guyanan Red Howler
tursiops_truncatus;Common Bottlenose Dolphin
pandion_haliaetus;Osprey
eira_barbara;Tayra
anadara_similis;Similar Ark Clam
acinonyx_jubatus;Cheetah
oreotragus_oreotragus;Klipspringer
coendou_prehensilis;Brazilian Porcupine
phataginus_tricuspis;White-bellied Pangolin
eulemur_rufus;Red Lemur
campephilus_melanoleucos;Crimson-crested Woodpecker
viverra_zibetha;Large Indian Civet
euryceros_prevostii;Helmet Vanga
philantomba_monticola;Blue Duiker
hyaena_brown;Brown Hyena
cyclopes_didactylus;Silky Anteater
hippotragus_niger;Sable Antelope
lontra_longicaudis;Neotropical Otter
bertholletia_excelsa;Brazil Nut Tree
ceroxylon_quindiuense;QuindÃ­o Wax Palm
bangsia_aureocincta;Gold-ringed Tanager
salad_eru;Eru
Gnetum africanum;Eru
crocodylus_cataphractus;African Slender-snouted Crocodile
melanosuchus_niger;Black Caiman
civettictis_civetta;African Civet
alouatta_seniculus;Red Howler Monkey
rusa_unicolor;Sambar
eulemur_rubriventer;Red-bellied Lemur
gorilla_gorila;Western Gorilla
speothos_venaticus;Bush Dog
vultur_gryphus;Andean Condor
espeletia_sp;Frailejón
macaca_assamensis;Assam Macaque
diomedea_spp;Albatross
schetba_rufa;Rufous Vanga
chelonoidis_carbonaria;Red-footed Tortoise
diceros_bicornis;Black Rhinoceros
penelope_montagnii;Andean Guan
hydrochaeris_hydrochaeris;Capybara
oryx_beisa;Beisa Oryx
cercocebus_agilis;Agile Mangabey
propithecus_verreauxi;Verreaux's Sifaka
elephas_maximus;Asian Elephant
salvinia_molesta;Giant Salvinia
sylvicapra_grimmia;Common Duiker
ramphastos_tucanus;White-throated Toucan
rhizophora_mangle;Rhizophora Mangle
nandinia_binotata;African Palm Civet
muntiacus_vuquangensis;Large-antlered Muntjac
gazella_subgutturosa;Goitered Gazelle
black_agouti;Black Agouti
piliocolobus_preussi;Preuss's Red Colobus
litocranius_walleri;Gerenuk
vulpes_corsac;Corsac Fox
trachypithecus_hatinhensis;Hatinh Langur
carcharhinus_falciformis;Silky Shark
illegal_entry;Illegal Entry
hippotragus_equinus;Roan Antelope
panthera_leo;Lion
saguinus_bicolor;Pied Tamarin
pseudobatos_leucorhynchus;Smoothnose Guitarfish
tamandua_tetradactyla;Southern Tamandua
leopardus_wiedii;Margay
peltocephalus_dumerilianus;Big-headed Amazon River Turtle
dasyprocta_azarae;Azara's Agouti
ceratotherium_simum;White Rhinoceros
ophiophagus_hannah;King Cobra
physignathus_cocincinus;Chinese Water Dragon
equus_zebra;Mountain Zebra
kobus_kob;Kob
tragelaphus_scriptus;Bushbuck
podocnemis_expansa;Arrau Turtle
stenella_frontalis;Atlantic Spotted Dolphin
tragelaphus_strepsiceros;Greater Kudu
arapaima_gigas;Arapaima
cuniculus_paca;Lowland Paca
cerdocyon_thous;Crab-eating Fox
pavo_muticus;Green Peafowl
lantana_camara;Lantana
alouatta_palliata;Mantled Howler
tyto_soumagnei;Madagascar Red Owl
propithecus_candidus;Silky Sifaka
ledipochelys_olivacea;Olive Ridley Sea Turtle
procapra_gutturosa;Mongolian Gazelle
phacochoerus_africanus;Common Warthog
orycteropus_afer;Aardvark
mobula_hypostoma;Lesser Devil Ray
cephalophus_ogilbyi;Ogilby's Duiker
prolemur_simus;Greater Bamboo Lemur
penelope_jacquacu;Spix's Guan
tapirus_bairdii;Baird's Tapir
celeus_galeatus;Helmeted Woodpecker
thaumatibis_giganteax;Giant Ibis
phoenicoparrus_andinus;Andean Flamingo
varanus_salvator;Water Monitor
carcharhinus_leucas;Bull Shark
varecia_rubra;Red Ruffed Lemur
podocnemis_erythrocephala;Red-headed Amazon River Turtle
bycanistes_brevis;Silvery-cheeked Hornbill
bycanistes_subcylindricus;Black-and-white-casqued Hornbill
xenopirostris_damii;Dam's Vanga
ceiba_pentandra;Kapok Tree
ovis_ammon;Argali
capricornis_sumatraensis;Sumatran Serow
anthracoceros_albirostris;Oriental Pied Hornbill
buceros_bicornis;Great Hornbill
schetba_rufa;Rufous Vanga
elephas_maximus;Asian Elephant
salvinia_molesta;Giant Salvinia
quercus_humboldtii;Colombian Oak
dolichonyx_oryzivorus;Bobolink
cardisoma_crassum;Blue Land Crab
salvator_rufescens;Red Monitor
thalassarche_chlororhynchos;Yellow-nosed Albatross
capricornis_thar;Himalayan Serow
cichla_temensis;Speckled Peacock Bass
podocnemis_sextuberculata;Six-tubercled Amazon River Turtle
tapirus_pinchaque;Mountain Tapir
arapaima_gigas;Arapaima
ophiophagus_hannah;King Cobra
physignathus_cocincinus;Chinese Water Dragon
kobus_kob;Kob
kobus_ellipsiprymnus;Waterbuck
podocnemis_expansa;Arrau Turtle
alouatta_palliata;Mantled Howler
tyto_soumagnei;Madagascar Red Owl
ledipochelys_olivacea;Olive Ridley Sea Turtle
hyaena_rown;Spotted Hyena
hyaena_brown;Brown Hyena
pseudibis_davisoni;White-shouldered Ibis
crocodylus_cataphractus;African Slender-snouted Crocodile
diomedea_spp;Albatross
espeletia_sp;Espeletia
dasypus_novemcinctus;Nine-banded Armadillo
pygathrix_nigripes;Black-shanked Douc
propithecus_diadema;Diademed Sifaka
crocuta_crocuta;Spotted Hyena
pan_troglodytes_ellioti;Nigeria-Cameroon Chimpanzee
pseudoplatystoma_fasciatum;Barred Sorubim
cercopithecus_nictitans_nictitans;Greater Spot-nosed Monkey
ateles_hybridus_brunneus;Brown Spider Monkey
charadrius_thoracicus;Chestnut-banded Plover
perissodactyla;Odd-toed Ungulates
saccopteryx_bilineata;Greater Sac-winged Bat
astrochelys_radiata;Radiated Tortoise
commiphora;Myrrh
hippopotamidae;Hippopotamuses
coendou_prehensilis;Brazilian Porcupine
speothos_venaticus;Bush Dog
atherurus_africanus;African Brush-tailed Porcupine
proboscoidea;Elephants
penelope_purpurascens;Crested Guan
crocodylus_intermedius;Orinoco Crocodile
cetartiodactyla;Even-toed Ungulates
perissodactyl;Odd-toed Ungulates
lutjanus_argentiventris;Yellow Snapper
litopenaeus_occidentalis;Western White Shrimp
bycanistes_bucinator;Trumpeter Hornbill
mazama_rufina;Little Red Brocket
mustelus_henlei;Brown Smooth-hound
gorilla_gorilla_diehli;Cross River Gorilla
thunnus_obesus;Bigeye Tuna
cercopithecidae;Old World Monkeys
trachypithecus_germaini;Germain's Langur
psittacus_erithacus;African Grey Parrot
muntiacus_muntjak;Indian Muntjac
tragelaphus_sylvaticus;Cape Bushbuck
penelope_purpurascens;Crested Guan
herpestes_urva;Crab-eating Mongoose
trachypithecus_delacouri;Delacour's Langur
gorilla_beringei_graueri;Grauer's Gorilla
tragelaphus_angasii;Nyala
tragelaphus_eurycerus;Bongo
cacatuidae;Cockatoo
casuarius;Cassowary
dendrolagus;Tree-kangaroo
tachyglossidae;Echidna
phalanger;Cuscus
corals;Corals
ara_macao;Scarlet macaw
bison;Bison
crocodylus_rhombifer;Cuban crocodile
siamese_crocodile;Siamese crocodile
gorilla_gorilla_gorilla;Western lowland gorilla
grus_antigone;Sarus crane
manta_ray;Giant manta
humpback_whale;Humpback whale
melanosuchus_niger;Black caiman
mirounga_leonina;Southern elephant seal
muntiacus_muntjac;Common muntjac
walrus;Walrus
panthera_tigris_altaica;Amur tiger
podocnemis_unifilis;Yellow-spotted river turtle
sharks;Sharks
vultur_gryphus;Andean condor
birds_(esp_iucnendemic_and_highly_traded);Birds (esp iucnendemic and highly traded)
hylobates_pileatus;Pileated gibbon
lagothrix_lagothricha;Humboldt's woolly monkey
loxodonta_africana;African bush elephant
macaca_arctoides;Stump-tailed macaque
macaca_fascicularis;Crab-eating macaque
macaca_nigra;Celebes crested macaque
macaca_silenus;Lion-tailed macaque
mandrillus_leucophaeus;Drill
chlorocebus_tantalus;Tantalus monkey
nycticebus_pygmaeus;Pygmy slow loris
saguinus_leucopus;Silvery-brown bare-face tamarin
trachypithecus_auratus;East javan langur
trachypithecus_cristatus;Silvered langur
trichechus_manatus;Caribbean manatee
cacajao_calvus;Bald uacari
plecturocebus_olallae;Olalla brother's titi
capra_nubiana;Nubian ibex
macaca_leonina;Northern pig-tailed macaque
nomascus_gabriellae;Buff-cheeked gibbon
nomascus_leucogenys;Northern white-cheeked crested gibbon
nomascus_siki;Southern white-cheeked crested gibbon
pygathrix_nigripes;Black-shanked douc
trachypithecus_francoisi;Francois' langur
trachypithecus_germaini;Germain's langur
ateles_hybridus;Variegated spider monkey
lagothrix_poeppigii;Poeppig's woolly monkey
leontopithecus_chrysomelas;Golden-headed lion tamarin
papio_anubis;Olive baboon
ateles_chamek;Black spider monkey
plecturocebus_modestus;Rio beni titi
pecari_tajacu;Collared peccary
dicerorhinus_sumatrensis;Asian two-horned rhinoceros
eidolon_helvum;African straw-colored fruit bat
elephas_maximus;Asiatic elephant
eupetaurus_cinereus;Woolly flying squirrel
hemitragus_jemlahicus;Himalayan tahr
hypogeomys_antimena;Malagasy giant rat
indri_indri;Indri
propithecus_candidus;Silky sifaka
propithecus_coquereli;Coquerel's sifaka
eulemur_albifrons;White-fronted brown lemur
eulemur_collaris;Red-collared lemur
eulemur_fulvus;Brown lemur
eulemur_rubriventer;Red-bellied lemur
hapalemur_occidentalis;Northern bamboo lemur
varecia_rubra;Red ruffed lemur
varecia_variegata;Black-and-white ruffed lemur
ateles_belzebuth;White-fronted spider monkey
saguinus_oedipus;Cotton-top tamarin
saguinus_bicolor;Brazilian bare-faced tamarin
saguinus_geoffroyi;Geoffroy's tamarin
leontopithecus_rosalia;Golden lion tamarin
cebuella_pygmaea;Pygmy marmoset
colobus_guereza;Mantled guereza
cercopithecus_neglectus;De brazza's monkey
mandrillus_sphinx;Mandrill
rungwecebus_kipunji;Kipunji
pithecia_monachus;Geoffroy's monk saki
rhinoceros_unicornis;Indian one-horned rhinoceros
lama_guanicoe;Guanaco
hippopotamus_amphibius;Hippopotamus
orycteropus_afer;Aardvark
pteronura_brasiliensis;Giant otter
aonyx_cinereus;Oriental small-clawed otter
dendrolagus_matschiei;Huon tree-kangaroo
dendrolagus_goodfellowi;Goodfellow's tree-kangaroo
thylogale_calabyi;Calaby's pademelon
bettongia_penicillata;Woylie
pteropus_rodricensis;Rodriguez flying fox
mazama_gouazoubira;South american brown brocket
mazama_americana;Red brocket
alces_alces;Moose
mazama_nemorivaga;Amazonian brown brocket
blastocerus_dichotomus;Marsh deer
pudu_puda;Southern pudu
muntiacus_vaginalis;Northern red muntjac
mazama_rufina;Ecuador red brocket
rangifer_tarandus;Caribou
rucervus_duvaucelii;Barasingha
dolichotis_patagonum;Patagonian mara
lagidium_viscacia;Southern moutain viscacha
cuniculus_paca;Lowland paca
dasyprocta_fuliginosa;Black agouti
hystrix_cristata;Crested porcupine
trichechus_inunguis;Amazonian manatee
tayassu_pecari;White-lipped peccary
sus_scrofa;Wild boar
babyrousa_celebensis;North sulawesi babirusa
equus_quagga;Plains zebra
tapirus_bairdii;Central american tapir
tapirus_indicus;Malayan tapir
tapirus_terrestris;South american tapir
sylvilagus_transitionalis;New england cottontail
crocuta_crocuta;Spotted hyena
hyaena_hyaena;Striped hyena
cryptoprocta_ferox;Fossa
fossa_fossana;Malagasy civet
gulo_gulo;Wolverine
mustela_lutreolina;Indonesian mountain weasel
herpestes_semitorquatus;Collared mongoose
mydaus_javanensis;Sunda stink badger
eira_barbara;Tayra
martes_flavigula;Yellow-throated marten
mustela_frenata;Long-tailed weasel
potos_flavus;Kinkajou
nasua_nasua;South american coati
hemigalus_derbyanus;Banded palm civet
arctictis_binturong;Binturong
paguma_larvata;Masked palm civet
prionodon_linsang;Banded linsang
hydrurga_leptonyx;Leopard seal
odobenus_rosmarus;Walrus
bos_javanicus;Banteng
bos_gaurus;Gaur
dasypus_novemcinctus;Long-nosed armadillo
myrmecophaga_tridactyla;Giant anteater
priodontes_maximus;Giant armadillo
tolypeutes_matacus;Southern three-banded armadillo
aepyceros_melampus;Impala
philantomba_monticola;Blue duiker
cephalophus_rufilatus;Red-flanked duiker
cephalophus_silvicultor;Yellow-backed Duiker
damaliscus_lunatus;Topi
gazella_leptoceros;Rhim gazelle
gazella_subgutturosa;Goitered gazelle
hippotragus_equinus;Roan antelope
hippotragus_niger;Sable antelope
kobus_ellipsiprymnus;Waterbuck
kobus_kob;Kob
kobus_vardonii;Puku
ourebia_ourebi;Oribi
pantholops_hodgsonii;Chiru
redunca_redunca;Bohor reedbuck
sylvicapra_grimmia;Bush duiker
syncerus_caffer;African buffalo
tragelaphus_derbianus;Giant eland
balaenoptera_physalus;Fin whale
eubalaena_australis;Southern right whale
inia_geoffrensis;Amazon river dolphin
megaptera_novaeangliae;Humpback whale
eubalaena_glacialis;North atlantic right whale
tursiops_aduncus;Indo-pacific bottlenose dolphin
acinonyx_jubatus;Cheetah
felis_nigripes;Black-footed cat
leopardus_tigrinus;Little spotted cat
leopardus_jacobita;Andean mountain cat
panthera_tigris;Tiger
prionailurus_bengalensis;Leopard cat
panthera_uncia;Snow leopard
okapia_johnstoni;Okapi
muntiacus_muntjak;Red muntjac
lemur_catta;Ring-tailed lemur
arctonyx_hoevenii;Sumatran hog-badger
sapajus_apella;Guianan brown capuchin
cuon_alpinus;Dhole
catagonus_wagneri;Chacoan peccary
dasyprocta_punctata;Central american agouti
lagostomus_maximus_argentine_plains_viscacha;
alouatta_seniculus;Colombian red howler
lycalopex_culpaeus;Culpeo
rusa_unicolor;Sambar
otocolobus_manul;Pallas's cat
chrysocyon_brachyurus;Maned wolf
equus_grevyi;Grevy's zebra
allochrocebus_lhoesti;L'hoest's monkey
piliocolobus_preussi;Preuss's red colobus
piliocolobus_epieni;Niger delta red colobus
leopardus_pardalis;Ocelot
neofelis_nebulosa;Clouded leopard
puma_concolor;Cougar
capra_falconeri;Markhor
potamochoerus_porcus;Red river hog
hylochoerus_meinertzhageni;Giant forest hog
bos_mutus;Wild yak
pan_paniscus;Bonobo
phacochoerus_africanus;Common wart-hog
ursus_thibetanus;Asiatic black bear
antilocapra_americana;Pronghorn
panthera_leo;Lion
procapra_gutturosa;Mongolian gazelle
tragelaphus_eurycerus;Bongo
tragelaphus_spekii;Sitatunga
tragelaphus_scriptus;Bushbuck
tragelaphus_imberbis;Lesser kudu
tragelaphus_oryx;Common eland
cebus_albifrons;Humboldt's white-fronted capuchin
gorilla_beringei;Eastern gorilla
lontra_felina;Marine otter
ursus_arctos;Brown bear
smutsia_gigantea;Giant Ground Pangolin
manis_javanica;Sunda pangolin
smutsia_temminckii;Ground pangolin
phataginus_tetradactyla;Long-tailed Pangolin
phataginus_tricuspis;White-bellied Tree Pangolin
bison_bison;American bison
orcaella_brevirostris;Irrawaddy dolphin
panthera_onca;Jaguar
sousa_teuszii;Atlantic humpback dolphin
tremarctos_ornatus;Spectacled bear
pongo_abelii;Sumatran orangutan
helarctos_malayanus;Sun bear
pongo_pygmaeus;Bornean orangutan
martes_pennanti;Fisher
pan_troglodytes;Chimpanzee
balaenoptera_borealis;Sei whale
gorilla_gorilla;Western gorilla
giraffa_camelopardalis;Giraffe
alcelaphus_buselaphus;Hartebeest
vicugna_vicugna;Vicugna
civettictis_civetta;African civet
platanista_gangetica;Ganges river dolphin
balaenoptera_musculus;Blue whale
dugong_dugon;Dugong
allochrocebus_preussi;Preuss's monkey
panthera_pardus;Leopard
tragelaphus_strepsiceros;Greater kudu
lycaon_pictus;African wild dog
melursus_ursinus;Sloth bear
equus_hemionus;Asiatic wild ass
lophocebus_albigena;Gray-cheeked mangabey
pan_troglodytes_schweinfurthii;Eastern chimpanzee
gorilla_beringei_graueri;Eastern lowland gorilla
loxodonta_africana_cyclotis;African forest elephant
pan_troglodytes_troglodytes;Central chimpanzee
panthera_tigris_sumatrae;Sumatran tiger
larus_atlanticus;Olrog's gull
poikilocarbo_gaimardi;Red-legged cormorant
leucocarbo_atriceps;Imperial shag
mitu_tomentosum;Crestless curassow
odocoileus_cariacou;Coues' white-tailed deer
aepypodius_arfakianus;Wattled brushturkey
alopias_pelagicus;Pelagic thresher shark
anastomus_oscitans;Asian openbill
anhinga_melanogaster;Darter
anodorhynchus_hyacinthinus;Hyacinth macaw
antigone_antigone;Sarus Crane
ardeotis_nigriceps;Great indian bustard
anguilla_rostrata;American eel
batagur_trivittata;Burmese roofed turtle
bubo_blakistoni;Blakiston's fish owl
brotula_clarkae;Pacific bearded brotula
brycon_amazonicus;Amazon Brycon
caiman_yacare;Yacare caiman
calidris_minutilla;Least sandpiper
carcharhinus_falciformis;Silky shark
caulolatilus_affinis;Pacific golden-eyed tilefish
casuarius_bennetti;Dwarf cassowary
bangsia_aureocincta;Gold-ringed tanager
batagur_affinis;Southern river terrapin
charadrius_wilsonia;Wilson's plover
calidris_mauri;Western sandpiper
coryphaena_hippurus;Mahi-mahi
crocodylus_intermedius;Orinoco crocodile
crax_alberti;Blue-knobbed curassow
crax_rubra;Great curassow
crocodylus_siamensis;Siamese crocodile
cynoscion_reticulatus;Striped corvina
diplectrum_eumelum;Orange-spotted sand perch
emberiza_aureola;Yellow-breasted bunting
crocodylus_acutus;American crocodile
epinephelus_striatus;Nassau grouper
falco_cherrug;Saker falcon
geothlypis_formosa;Kentucky warbler
glaucostegus_typus;Giant guitarfish
gyps_africanus;White-backed vulture
gyps_bengalensis;White-rumped vulture
houbaropsis_bengalensis;Bengal florican
hypanus_longus;Longtail stingray
jabiru_mycteria;Jabiru
lepidochelys_olivacea;Pacific ridley
leptoptilos_dubius;Greater adjutant
hyporthodus_acanthistius;Rooster Hind
lutjanus_colorado;Colorado snapper
lutjanus_argentiventris;Amarillo snapper
macrocephalon_maleo;Maleo
megapodius_decollatus;New guinea megapode
merganetta_armata;Torrent duck
leptoptilos_javanicus;Lesser adjutant
mitu_salvini;Salvin's curassow
mustelus_lunulatus;Sicklefin smoothhound
mycteria_cinerea;Milky stork
mobula_birostris;Oceanic Manta Ray
necrosyrtes_monachus;Hooded vulture
nothocercus_bonapartei;Highland tinamou
odontaspis_ferox;Ragged-tooth shark
mycteria_leucocephala;Painted stork
paleosuchus_palpebrosus;Dwarf caiman
pandion_haliaetus;Osprey
pavo_muticus;Green peafowl
penelope_jacquacu;Spix's guan
pelecanus_philippensis;Spot-billed pelican
penelope_perspicax;Cauca guan
odontophorus_hyperythrus;Chestnut wood quail
phoenicopterus_chilensis;Chilean flamingo
phoenicopterus_roseus;Greater flamingo
phoenicopterus_ruber;Greater flamingo
phyllobates_terribilis;Golden poison frog
picathartes_oreas;Grey-necked rock-fowl
plagioscion_squamosissimus;South American Silver Croaker
podocnemis_lewyana;Magdalena river turtle
pseudibis_davisoni;White-shouldered ibis
psittrichas_fulgidus;Pesquet's parrot
psophia_crepitans;Grey-winged trumpeter
rhincodon_typus;Whale shark
rhinoplax_vigil;Helmeted hornbill
pseudoplatystoma_magdaleniatum;Bagre Rayado
spheniscus_magellanicus;Magellanic penguin
sphyrna_lewini;Scalloped hammerhead
scarus_perrico;Bumphead parrotfish
sula_granti;Nazca booby
talegalla_jobiensis;Collared brushturkey
thaumatibis_gigantea;Giant ibis
thunnus_albacares;Yellowfin tuna
torgos_tracheliotos;Lappet-faced Vulture
trigonoceps_occipitalis;White-headed vulture
chelonoidis_denticulatus;Yellow-footed tortoise
alosa_pseudoharengus;Alewife
carcharias_taurus;Sand tiger
mustelus_schmitti;Narrownose smooth-hound
isurus_oxyrinchus;Shortfin mako
carcharhinus_brachyurus;Bronze whaler
eretmochelys_imbricata;Carey
hoplias_malabaricus;Tigerfish
dermochelys_coriacea;Leatherback
calidris_alba;Sanderling
rhea_americana;Greater rhea
larus_scoresbii;Dolphin Gull
eudyptes_chrysocome;Rockhopper penguin
larus_dominicanus;Kelp gull
rhea_pennata;Lesser rhea
thalassarche_melanophris;Black-browed albatross
pygoscelis_papua;Gentoo penguin
panthera_pardus_orientalis;Amur leopard
chelodina_mccordi;Roti island snake-necked turtle
chelonoidis_carbonaria;Redfooted tortoise
dermatemys_mawii;Central american river turtle
geochelone_platynota;Burmese star tortoise
mesoclemmys_dahli;Dahl’s sideneck turtle
pelochelys_cantorii;Cantor’s giant softshell turtle
podocnemis_expansa;Giant amazon river turtle
sphyrnidae;Hammerhead sharks
elephas_maximus_indicus;Indian elephant
piaractus_brachypomus;Pirapatinga
podocnemis_erythrocephala;Red-headed amazon side-neck turtle
osteoglossum_bicirrhosum;Silver arawana
colossoma_macropomum;Tambaqui
nomascus_annamensis;Yellow-cheeked crested gibbon
odontaspis_ferox;Smalltooth sand tiger
loxodonta_cyclotis;African forest elephant
acanthochelys_pallidipectoris;Chaco side-necked turtle
acipenser_fulvescens;Lake sturgeon
anolis_agassizi;Agassiz's anole
arapaima_gigas;Arapaima
attalea_maripa;Maripa Palm
diploglossus_millepunctatus;Dotted galliwasp
cacajao_calvus;White Bald-headed Uakari
lepidocaryum_tenue;Caraná
mauritia_flexuosa;Aguaje
astronotus_ocellatus;Crombier
prochilodus_nigricans;Black Prochilodus
heros_efasciatus;Hero cichlid
satanoperca_jurupari;Demon Eartheater
chaetobranchus_flavescens;River patwa
pterygoplichthys_pardalis;Amazon Sailfin Catfish
aphanotorulus_emarginatus;Carachama
hypselecara_temporalis;Chocolate Cichlid
pseudorinelepis_genibarbis;Blue-lipped Pleco
pseudoplatystoma_punctifer;Tiger Catfish
brycon_melanopterus;Black-finned tetra
pseudoplatystoma_tigrinum;Tiger Catfish
cichla_monoculus;Toukounaré
